Docs: Update CLI reference, add `nextjs-vite` guide (#32903)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/get-started/frameworks/nextjs.mdx

### In a project without Storybook

When you run `storybook init` in your Next.js project, Storybook will automatically detect your project and select the [`@storybook/nextjs-vite`](./nextjs-vite.mdx) framework (which we recommend) unless your project has custom Webpack or Babel configurations that may be incompatible with Vite.

<details>
<summary>If your project has custom Webpack/Babel configurations</summary>

> If `storybook init` detects a custom webpack configuration in your nextjs config file or `.babelrc` file, it will prompt you to choose between:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `storybook init` detects a custom Webpack configuration in your Next.js config file or `.babelrc` file, it will prompt you to choose between:
```

You might get this if you're using Yarn v2 or v3. See [Notes for Yarn v2 and v3 users](#notes-for-yarn-v2-and-v3-users) for more details.

### Should I use the Vite or Webpack version?

> We recommend using [`@storybook/nextjs-vite`](./nextjs-vite.mdx) (Vite-based) for most projects because it offers faster builds, better test support, and a simpler configuration. However, if your project has custom Webpack configurations that are incompatible with Vite, use this framework (`@storybook/nextjs` - Webpack 5) instead.

Reviewer: Copy looks good overall but something feels off about `use this framework (`@storybook/nextjs` - Webpack 5) instead.`

We could maybe remove the bit in between parentheses so it flows better?
